## Preamble

    EIP: 999
    Title: Perishable Asset Token Standard
    Author: LAB
    Type: Standard
    Status: Draft
    Created: 2017-12-14

## Simplified Summary

A standard interface for perishable asset tokens.

## Abstract

This standard allows for the implementation of a standard API for perishable asset tokens (henceforth referred to as "PAT") within smart contracts. This standard provides basic functionality to track and transfer ownership of PATs.

## Motivation

A standard interface allows any PATs on Ethereum to be handled by general-purpose applications. In particular, it will allow for PATs to be tracked in standardized wallets, dynamically pruned/verified on transaction, and traded on exchanges.

## Specification

### ERC-721 Compatibility

**name**

```
function name() constant returns (string name)

```

_OPTIONAL - It is recommend that this method is implemented for enhanced usability with wallets and exchanges, but interfaces and other contracts MUST NOT depend on the existence of this method._

Returns the name of the collection of PATs managed by this contract. - e.g. `"My Non-Fungibles"`.

**symbol**

```
function symbol() constant returns (string symbol)
```

_OPTIONAL - It is recommend that this method is implemented for enhanced usability with wallets and exchanges, but interfaces and other contracts MUST NOT depend on the existence of this method._

Returns a short string symbol referencing the entire collection of NFTs managed in this contract. e.g. "MNFT". This symbol SHOULD be short (3-8 characters is recommended), with no whitespace characters or new-lines and SHOULD be limited to the uppercase latin alphabet (i.e. the 26 letters used in English).

**totalSupply**

```
function totalSupply() constant returns (uint256 totalSupply)

```

Returns the total number of PATS currently tracked by this contract.

**balanceOf**

```
  function balanceOf(address _owner) constant returns (uint256 balance)
```

Returns the number of PATS assigned to address `_owner`.


## Implementation

_Reference implementation forthcoming..._

## References

1. https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/721

## Copyright

Copyright and related rights waived via [CC0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).
